feat: assistant errors (#31)
sketch-hq/developer.sketch.com: pages/assistants-guides-6-error-handling.md

excerpt: Handling Sketch Assistant errors.
---

Errors generated by your Assistants are generally caught and surfaced in the Sketch application. By surfacing errors in the user interface failures become more visible and fixable. This guide covers the scenarios you are likely to encounter them, and reasons why you might want to throw errors yourself.

> 💡 While Sketch doesn't hide errors away, you may find it easy to debug and fix problems in NodeJS instead - read our [Running and testing](/assistants/running-and-testing) guide for a how-to.

> Broadly speaking you're likely to encounter two types of Assistant errors, _rule errors_ and _general errors_. Read on for an explanation of each.

Reviewer: I'd prefer if this already outlines the difference between "partial failure" and "things have gone really badly" 🙂 Then the flow into the next sections is quite natural.

```suggestion
An Assistant can fail with two types of errors, _rule errors_ that can exist alongside rule violations found for a given document and _general errors_ when no result can be generated.
```
